Here is a set of basic programming exercises to practice.
1. Write a Java program to enter two numbers and find their sum.
2. Write a Java program to enter two numbers and perform all arithmetic operations.
3. Write a Java program to enter length and breadth of a rectangle and find its perimeter.
4. Write a Java program to enter length and breadth of a rectangle and find its area.
5. Write a Java program to enter radius of a circle and find its diameter, circumference and
area.
6. Write a Java program to enter length in centimeter and convert it into meter and kilometer.
7. Write a Java program to enter temperature in 째Celsius and convert it into 째Fahrenheit.
8. Write a Java program to enter temperature in Fahrenheit(째F) and convert it into Celsius(째C)
9. Write a Java program to convert days into years, weeks and days.
10. Write a Java program to find power of any number x ^ y.
11. Write a Java program to enter any number and calculate its square root.
12. Write a Java program to enter two angles of a triangle and find the third angle.
13. Write a Java program to enter base and height of a triangle and find its area.
14. Write a Java program to calculate area of an equilateral triangle.
15. Write a Java program to enter marks of five subjects and calculate total, average and
percentage.
16. Write a Java program to enter P, T, R and calculate Simple Interest.
17. Write a Java program to enter P, T, R and calculate Compound Interest.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Write a Java program to input marks of five subjects Physics, Chemistry, Biology,
Mathematics and Computer. Calculate percentage and grade according to following:
Percentage >= 90% : Grade A
Percentage >= 80% : Grade B
Percentage >= 70% : Grade C
Percentage >= 60% : Grade D
Percentage >= 40% : Grade E
Percentage < 40% : Grade F
------------------------------------

VSet of programming exercises based on loops to practice.
1. Write a Java program to print all natural numbers from 1 to n. - using while loop
2. Write a Java program to print all natural numbers in reverse (from n to 1). - using while loop
3. Write a Java program to print all alphabets from a to z. - using while loop
4. Write a Java program to print all even numbers between 1 to 100. - using while loop
5. Write a Java program to print all odd number between 1 to 100.
6. Write a Java program to find sum of all natural numbers between 1 to n.
7. Write a Java program to find sum of all even numbers between 1 to n.
8. Write a Java program to find sum of all odd numbers between 1 to n.
9. Write a Java program to print multiplication table of any number.
10. Write a Java program to count number of digits in any number.
11. Write a Java program to find first and last digit of any number. 
12. Write a Java program to find sum of first and last digit of any number.
13. Write a Java program to swap first and last digits of any number.
14. Write a Java program to calculate sum of digits of any number
15. Write a Java program to calculate product of digits of any number.
16. Write a Java program to enter any number and print its reverse.
17. Write a Java program to enter any number and check whether the number is palindrome or
not.
18. Write a Java program to find frequency of each digit in a given integer.
19. Write a Java program to enter any number and print it in words.
20. Write a Java program to find power of any number using for loop.
21. Write a Java program to enter any number and print all factors of the number.
22. Write a Java program to enter any number and calculate its factorial.
23. Write a Java program to check whether a number is Prime number or not.
24. Write a Java program to print all Prime numbers between 1 to n.
25. Write a Java program to find sum of all prime numbers between 1 to n.


